Onboarding Portal (#270)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/pages/docs/creators/python/examples/tools/managing-golem-wallet.md

Golem will transfer test tokens from our custom faucet (a service that transfers test tokens to an address that asks for them).
Note, you also need to enable your accounts' sender mode, which is done using `yagna payment init`.

## Obtaining funds to your mainnet account

> You can top up your wallet with MATIC/ETH and GLMs by running following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can top up your wallet with MATIC/ETH and GLMs by running the following command:
```

Author: OK

{% tabs %}

{% tab label="Polygon" %}

```bash
yagna payment fund --network=polygon
```

{% /tab %}
{% tab label="Ethereum mainnet" %}

```bash
yagna payment fund --network=mainnet
```

{% /tab %}
{% /tabs %}

> This commands should open your Web Browser with Golem Onboarding Portal web page. Follow the instructions presented there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command should open your Web Browser with the Onboarding Portal web page. Follow the instructions presented there.
```

Author: OK
